README.md, before:

## Resources

- [Website](https://vicaption.com/?utm_source=github)
- [Handbook](https://vicaption.com/handbook)
- [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/vicaption/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/vicaption)
- [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/vicaption/)
- [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/ZwMDNre)

## [Change log](https://headwayapp.co/vicaption-changelog)

0.6.1:
- Better logging
- Attempt to fix green / orange / black camera

0.6.0:
- Add 1 new face mask! (empty face)
- Fix: left eye distortion

0.5.0:
- Face mask stabilization!
- Fix: broken mask when moving your head left <-> right

0.4.0:
- Add 2 new masks!
- Ability to render non-human faces
- Small fixes

0.3.0:
- Host releases on Github
- Self-updater - download and install new updates directly from app

0.2.1:
- Add error logging to '%appdata%\Vicaption\*.log' - send us this files if you think that something is broken
- Minor fixes

0.2.0: 
- Emotions! As you requested we have added emotions, so that face mask reacts the same way as your face :)
- +50% Better mask stabilisation. We actively working on stable face, though this is non trivial task!
- 200% faster application startup
- Better look! UI being updated visually, we are still looking forward to improve it in further releases
- New icon
- Streamers [-> handbook <-](https://vicaption.com/handbook/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=0.2.0)! We actively working on articles to provide bleeding edge info about how to stream, be sure to checkout and subscribe.
- Group in [-> discord <-](https://discordapp.com/invite/ZwMDNre)

0.1.5:
- Face emotions!
- Up to 100% performance boost
- Temporary lost colors & feather

Commit message:

0.9.0
- Vicaption platform release! (https://my.vicaption.com)
- App UI moved to a new website
- Integration with StreamLabs and DonationAlerts
- Introducing facemask triggers on donation, follow and subscribe events
- Rewritten camera app for more efficiency and stability
- Application binaries are signed with Microsoft trusted certificate for more security and trust

README.md, after:

## Resources

- [Website](https://vicaption.com/?utm_source=github)
- [Handbook](https://vicaption.com/handbook)
- [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/vicaption/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/vicaption)
- [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/vicaption/)
- [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/ZwMDNre)

## [Change log](https://headwayapp.co/vicaption-changelog)

0.9.0:
- Vicaption platform release! (https://my.vicaption.com)
- App UI moved to a new website
- Integration with StreamLabs and DonationAlerts
- Introducing facemask triggers on donation, follow and subscribe events
- Rewritten camera app for more efficiency and stability
- Application binaries are signed with Microsoft trusted certificate for more security and trust

0.6.1:
- Better logging
- Attempt to fix green / orange / black camera

0.6.0:
- Add 1 new face mask! (empty face)
- Fix: left eye distortion

0.5.0:
- Face mask stabilization!
- Fix: broken mask when moving your head left <-> right

0.4.0:
- Add 2 new masks!
- Ability to render non-human faces
- Small fixes

0.3.0:
- Host releases on Github
- Self-updater - download and install new updates directly from app

0.2.1:
- Add error logging to '%appdata%\Vicaption\*.log' - send us this files if you think that something is broken
- Minor fixes

0.2.0: 
- Emotions! As you requested we have added emotions, so that face mask reacts the same way as your face :)
- +50% Better mask stabilisation. We actively working on stable face, though this is non trivial task!
- 200% faster application startup
- Better look! UI being updated visually, we are still looking forward to improve it in further releases
- New icon
- Streamers [-> handbook <-](https://vicaption.com/handbook/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=0.2.0)! We actively working on articles to provide bleeding edge info about how to stream, be sure to checkout and subscribe.
- Group in [-> discord <-](https://discordapp.com/invite/ZwMDNre)

0.1.5:
- Face emotions!
- Up to 100% performance boost
- Temporary lost colors & feather
